Optionally ignore image changes in TF (#545)
stackhpc/ansible-slurm-appliance: docs/experimental/compute-init.md

See the role README.md

# Changes to image / tofu state

> When a compute group has ignore_image_changes set as true in a compute group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a compute group has the `ignore_image_changes` parameter set to true, changes to the `image_id` parameter (which defaults to `cluster_image_id`) are ignored by OpenTofu.
```

> partition within tofu/main.tf, and the image is updated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Subsequent changes to the tf cluster_image variable for that compute group don’t

Reviewer: Delete para

actually result in a change via tofu plan/apply. This is done with the
lifecycle meta-argument "ignore_changes" in the compute resource.

> As part of compute-init, the image_id is templated out to hostvars so that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of whether `ignore_image_changes` is set, OpenTofu templates out the `image_id` into the Ansible inventory for each compute node. The `compute_init` role templates out hostvars to the control node, which means the "target" image ID is then available on the control node. Subsequent work will use this to rebuild the node via slurm.
```

ansible will have image_id for each compute node.

> WIP:    Attempts to change the cluster image from tofu then act as a target

Reviewer: Suggest deleting.
